Oh, did you?
I don't believe it, believe it or not.
Somebody take him down for me
Don't panic and eat it in the future
Testing
Yes
How is this possible?
How is Mr. Chen?
Destroy the Crown Prince, the fever has subsided
And it sells smoothly. What?
Chen Taiyi, when did you become his lackey?
Your Highnesses Mingcha is a minister
Willing to use the head of the sentry to guarantee the emperor's humility
Be controlled
gradually improve
How is that possible?
This fake one really looks like it.
There is also a seal of jade seal on it.
But you didn't know that this jade seal is in my hands.
Have you forgotten that Father doesn't trust you at all?
I should have known better
From the beginning, we didn't live or die.
That's not possible.
The throne can only be mine
I'll kill you!